# CUE Language Support

**CUE Language** support for the IntelliJ platform.

## Usage
The CUE plugin is compatible with **any JetBrains IDE 2020.3**. Only IntelliJ-based IDEs are supported, i.e. it's incompatible with ReSharper.

### Features
**Please note that this plugin is still in a very early state.**
- Parsing
- Basic syntax highlighting

### Bug Reports & Feature Requests
Please report your issues at [github.com/nexantic/intellij-cue](https://github.com/nexantic/intellij-cue).

## Development

- Java JDK 11 is required

### IDE

Development is best in IntelliJ IDEA.

The following plugins are required for development:

- [GrammarKit 2020.3.1](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/6606-grammar-kit)
- Gradle
- Kotlin, for Gradle build file support

### Building

After a build, the plugin is available as a ZIP file at `build/distributions/`.

Building with tests:

```bash
./gradlew clean build
```

Building without tests:

```bash
./gradlew clean build -x test
```

### Executing

You could build the plugin (see above) and install it into your IDE of choice. Alternatively, you can run the plugin in a sandbox:

```bash
./gradlew runIde
```

### Lexer

The lexer is generated by JFlex. The definition is at `src/grammar/cue.flex`.

The following command regenerates the lexer:

```bash
./gradlew generateLexer
```

### Parser

The parser is generated with JetBrains' GrammarKit. GrammarKit is a plugin for IntelliJ IDEA. The definition is at `src/grammar/cue.bnf`.

To update the parser and all related classes, open the `cue.bnf` file in your IDE and choose `Generate Parser` in the context menu of the
editor.

## Useful Link

- [CUE Website](https://cuelang.org/)
- [The CUE Language Specification](https://cuelang.org/docs/references/spec/)